	The assertion that people who are the most deeply committed to an idea or policy are also the most critical one is quite controversial. On one hand, there many people who tried to solve problem by their method and at one time their method works which the most critical ones. On other hand, we can take example of politicians who are assure peole to do some things befor election but they cant do it. In final analysis, I think there a lot of people who are deeply committed to an idea whcih is most critical one.


	Firstly, there are many people in the world who break their own things to get success. For this there are many scietist starting from Newton, Grahama bell, Edison etc. For example, Edison want to give light by inventing the bulb. He tried a lot by his particular method to get success. And at one day he got success and the idea which is most critical one. In this manner these people are successful, the more critical their self the more success is in their work. Our generation has also many people who most deeply committed their idea like Steve Jobs, when we look at his career, he humbled over and over but he never quit to criticize himself. Now we all using these people invention, how much effort they showed in the past how much we know all of them.


	Secondly,  all these people was seen crazy in their time, most of them rejected by their society, even they were sometimes punished because of their ideas. But all these criticizes only forced these genius people to commit more to think more. Their ideas and was getting more sharp with every critical. When I see these people, I found them really strong. This is really hard work, they committed their self on the other hand a lot of people criticize them. Thus, this is the proof of how criticize their self. Their criticism was much more than the other people hence they were so successful. Otherwise if they listened garrulous criticism they never be finished their idea and work.


		Another example regarding this is 


	Conversely, some people may think that the more commitment to an idea and policy creates more unreliable person, like some of the politicians. When we look at them, most of them like to get more and more favor instead of criticism. However, these politicians are from the commitment, and far from the hard work, that is the reason they can not stand on criticism. Moreover, we can not agree that these people are the most deeply committed to an idea or policy, these are only representative of the some specific group, only a talker not a doer.



	In a nutshell, the real deeply committed to an idea or policy people has always come to world, and they found most vital idea or work as a result of their devoutness to an idea or policy. They criticized their self more than anyone to get the best result.

